defying the falls hit the roulette
Madrid Spain November 1992
for a year a family of roulette players brought home to tens of thousands
of dollars a week
the great madrid casino
the total gained so far almost a million dollars
for months and Gonzalo Garcia Pelayo meticulously investigated system
based on computerized analysis of tens of thousands of roulette rounds
now lives his team have perfected a secret system
that allows them to determine the arrangement of a roulette to choose the numbers
winners
but the casino bosses are giving it insistently
they only wanted evil and would do anything they could do to
harm them at any cost
although the casino manager is directing the attack
Mrs. Pelayo that is not in discussion should leave the casino yes
do not
for that reason
yes sir we have no reason
it was amazing they had no shame they never made us directly it's
because they were throwing us because it will not be allowed to enter question to the
commission I have every right to participate in this game of chance
before leaving is doing now
in December they arrived with us
nights not only for the money
the fight was like a bull against another bull
for the pride of the south
we just need the money
to throw me
I'm asking you to value the money for its real effectiveness
the case they want me to go pulsazione
they can not do it is convenient to be breaking the law and they can not
do this
ask the commission that's how to treat the winners are
breaking the law
if someone is not cheating because you're going to cheat him because he's
winning I think I almost did not handle it in a very unprofessional way
a greeting from the commission that ruled that the casino should allow
to the pelayo kuc public coffers
the casino responds with a new tactic
manipulate the intergovernmental mechanism
exchanging the center of a community
so
I would completely change the network
that's cheating
doing goblin-1
the measurement finally we leave simplistic pelayo
if you can not determine the arrangement of the letters your career in the match
it was finished
I'm very well I think we won in Madrid about 150 million pesetas
a little over a million dollars
acz
and even today many millions more to win in casinos around the world
it was time to expand the business this system was well established
I was clearly going to work the same everywhere
the family begins to attack the most important cities in europe
January 1993
the team of 'los pelayo' are in amsterdam in the most visited casino in
europe and is having a great time
they were really having a good life when they were playing in the
casinos fernando or making good money
traveling
the absolutely fantastic leader
in the first four months in amsterdam they won more than 400 thousand
Dollars
then it is when the casino like that a more difficult call suddenly
they replaced all their accounts it did not take them long to identify us because
the madrid casino had confirmed that we were professional players
they begin to move but their reputation increased
I need your passport some kind of identification to go through
doors
but as soon as it shows its identification good to know who you are
they were going to end up in santa fe
Beat your own record for just one night
close consultant Venezuelans
they were soon discovered by the facts
in Copenhagen they could hardly play